Use case:
In our RAM we have many objects.We they are in huge number, they occupy lot of space. Ram gets overloaded with objects and it cant handle that.
To save RAM from this situation we use FLYWEIGHT DESIGN PATTERN.
It says:It is not necessary to create new object every time, rather reuse the existing objects.

Example:
We are designing a game. 
The game is shooting asteriods. Millions of objects get created continously in this game.
Let us consider these asteriods as objects.
RAM is limited but we create lot of objects(asteriods) which is required for game.
RAM might get crashed .
Solution:
WE can reuse the asteriods.Rather than creating it every time.

Consider class Asteriod: int length, int width, int weight, string colour, string texture, int posx  posy, int velx vely
now will check how much space they occupy in ram.
INT-4BYTES
STRING-8 -12BYTES...
So what if we make 10lakh asteriods
=>10lakh(x)1 asteriod's occupied space.
High memory consumption. To minimize it we can divide the properties of considered object. INTRINSIC AND EXTRINSIC PROPERTIES.

Length of asteriod can be = 10-30cm
Width=10-30cm
Weight=vyz..
Likewise we decide some values for all the parameters.

So why cant we reuse them rather than creating new objects.When all the asteriods are copy of each other.
What differs is Position(posx , posy) and velocity(velx , vely) of asteriods.

Length, width,weight, colour and texture , all the parameters will be in a specific range and wont exceed.

So, from 10Lakh asteriods somewhere 3L asteriods will have exact same features, some other 3L with same and some 4L with same features(some rough estimation)
So instead of creating 3L new objecs we can create a single object and reuse it and similarly for other bunch of asteriods.

INTRINSIC: Property which is same for most of the objects and it can be re-used. In asteriods example it will be length, width, weight, colour, texture.

EXTRINSIC:Which is diff for every object and cant be reused. Position and Velocity.

FLYWEIGHT DESIGN PATTERN:
--Seperate extrinsic properties from object. And object is left with Intrisic properties and we can reuse them.
Object left with intrinsic properties, the class is named as Asteriod Flyweight.
And the position(posx, posy) and velocity(velx, vely) are grouoed under new class named as Asteriod Context.
and It will have a reference of Asteriod flyweight.

Now flywieght and context are two different objects.

Asteriod context objects will be huge. According to our example they will be of 10Lakhs.(on an average because positions and velocities are different for each each asteriod)

Asteriod flyweight:They get reused , and let say there are number of P&C for these still they aere limited. (Not as context objects).

Now, we consider a map<key,AsteriodFlyweight>pool;
for asteriod flyweight object.
key=unique value. we can create it like;
Length+ '|' + width + '|' + weight + '|' + color + '|' + texture + '|'-- this will be unique value
Ex:
10|10|1|Red|Hard --> for objet1;
20|20|Green|Soft-->for object2;

So when 1st combination is preferred we return obj1 similarily for other combinations.

WE create some objects in all possible combinations and reuse them. So all this can b done in a class named as FlyWeightFactory.It doesnt create new object everytime rather re-uses it.
FlyWeightFactory has a Asteriod Flyweight.

--SO TO REDUCE USAGE OF RAM WE RE-USE SOME OBJECTS WHICH ARE INTRINSIC.
The intrinsic object must be immutable, because changing them changes all the same kind objects. Even if mutable , we should know it is mutable and we agree with that.
